Modules:

	examples:
		Examples of uses of the library. One should start here.
		One can find additional uses in the test_by_step module.

	analysis: Main interface for analysis methods (PDC, DTF, ...)
		
		pdc_full:
			Most complete calling interface.
			Estimates model, calculates PDC, asymptotic confidence
			intervals and H0 thresholds, and plots the result.
			Have options for bootstrap statistics, detrend and normalization.
			Simplest example: pdc_full([sig1, sig2, sig3])
			
		pdc_alg: Calculate PDC from already estimated model.
		pdc: Estimates model and calculates PDC.
		pdc_and_plot: Estimates model, calculates PDC and plots the result.
	
		The 'pdc' prefix is for the PDC method. Change the prefix for other methods:
			Coherence: 'coh'
			DTF: 'dtf'
			Spectral Density: 'ss'
			Partial Coherence: 'pc'
			
			Example: coh_full(data)
			
			For the 'pdc' prefix, there is usually the extra argument 'metric',
			which designates the normalization type in the formula: 
				euclidean ('euc'), diagonal ('diag') or generalized ('gen'). 
			
		Additional methods:
			igct: Wald statistics for Instantaneous Granger causality test
			gct: Asymptotic Wald test for time Granger test
			white_test: Asymptotic test for whiteness of residues
			gci: Granger Causality Index (based on log of variances ratio)
			
	ar_data: Generate data from VAR
	
		ar_data: Generate data from model.
		ar_models: Return pre-specified models or data.
	
	adaptative: 
		Calculates adaptative PDC, based on Ding's coherence paper. 
		It serves for event related analysis, as it is designed to use
		multiples realizations of same event.
		
		aPDC: Calculates adaptive VAR model, the PDC and plots the results.
		AMVAR: Calculates the adaptative VAR model.
		
	ar_fit: Estimates VAR model from data.
		ar_fit: 
			Uses Nuttall-Strand algorithm and Akaike for model order.
			Has fixed model order option.
				
		nstrand: Nuttall-Strand algorithm.
		
	asymp: 
		Estimates asymptotic statistics for confidence intervals 
		and thresholds.
		Generaly not called directly.
		
	bootstrap:
		Estimates bootstrap statistics for confidence intervals 
		and thresholds.
		Generaly not called directly.
		
	plotting: Plotting routines.
		plot_all:
			Plots nxn graphics, with confidence intervals and threshold. 
       		If ss == True, plots ss in the diagonal.
       		Already expects data in power form: abs(x)^2
		pdc_plot:
			Plots nxn graphics.
					
	test_by_step:
		Ad-hoc routines used by developer to test 
		correctness of implemented methods.
		
	
	
	
	
	
		
		
		
		
		
		